OKTA-494146 Update SIW upgrade doc with useInteractionCodeFlow (#3401)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-sign-in-widget/main/index.md

**Learning outcomes**

* Update your widget based on your user deployment model.

**What you need**

* An [Identity Engine-upgraded Okta org](/docs/guides/oie-upgrade-overview/)
* An existing app that uses the Okta Sign-In Widget
* [Latest available widget release](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases)

---

## About the widget

The widget is a JavaScript library that gives you a full-featured and customizable sign-in experience that you can use to authenticate users of web and mobile applications.

The widget is used on Okta's default sign-in page to start an Okta SSO session and to set the Okta [session cookie](/docs/guides/session-cookie/) in the web browser. The widget can also perform a complete [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/) flow and/or integrate with [external Identity Providers](/docs/concepts/identity-providers/).

This article teaches you how to upgrade the widget when it is used in any of the following ways:

> * Okta-hosted sign-in page (default): Okta provides a sign-in page that is available at your [org's URL](/docs/concepts/okta-organizations/). By default, a user who signs in on this page is redirected to the Okta user dashboard.

Reviewer: Are we supposed to stop using "hosted"? If so, second bullet should have two references removed, and first bullet one reference. If not, I'd add "hosted" to the 1st bullet as part of the sentence for symmetry with the 2nd bullet.

The widget is used on Okta's default sign-in page to start an Okta SSO session and to set the Okta [session cookie](/docs/guides/session-cookie/) in the web browser. The widget can also perform a complete [OpenID Connect (OIDC)](/docs/concepts/oauth-openid/) flow and/or integrate with [external Identity Providers](/docs/concepts/identity-providers/).

This article teaches you how to upgrade the widget when it is used in any of the following ways:

* Okta-hosted sign-in page (default): Okta provides a sign-in page that is available at your [org's URL](/docs/concepts/okta-organizations/). By default, a user who signs in on this page is redirected to the Okta user dashboard.
* Okta-hosted sign-in page (customizable): Okta provides a hosted sign-in page that you can customize and make available under a custom domain that is a subdomain of your company's top-level domain.
* Embedded (self-hosted): You can embed the widget directly into your application.

After you've completed the widget upgrade, review [Okta Identity Engine overview](/docs/guides/oie-intro/) to take advantage of new features in Identity Engine.

## Best practice for widget maintenance

> For best practices, keep your [widget](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/blob/master/README.md) up to date. This maintenance is essential so that you can use the latest Identity Engine features and benefit from ongoing improvements to the codebase.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this should point to the releases page of the repo rather than the readme? 
```suggestion
For best practices, keep your [widget](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases) up to date. This maintenance is essential so that you can use the latest Identity Engine features and benefit from ongoing improvements to the codebase.
```

* [Redirect authentication](#upgrade-process-for-a-redirect-sign-in-flow): Okta-hosted with no custom URL domain
* [Redirect authentication](#upgrade-process-for-a-redirect-sign-in-flow): Okta-hosted with custom URL domain
* [Embedded authentication](#upgrade-process-for-an-embedded-widget): Self-hosted. The embedded widget is able to perform the OIDC flow and return OAuth tokens directly within the application.

## Best practice for user experience and application policies
<!-- REMOVE THIS SECTION?? doesn't make sense and links to deprecated file, plus what about Interaction Code flow? -->
In Classic Engine, the widget had the default option to initialize without application context. In Identity Engine, you can use one of the following OIDC flows to optimize the user's sign-in experience and apply specific application policies:

* [Server-side web application using Authorization Code flow](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#server-side-web-application-using-authorization-code-flow)
* [SPA or native application using PKCE](/code/javascript/okta_sign-in_widget/#spa-or-native-application-using-pkce)

> ## Upgrade process for a redirect sign-in flow

Reviewer 2: I can't leave a comment at the exact spot, but there is no Customization > Custom Sign In tab in the Admin Console. They must have rearranged the menus again. You'll need to update this section with the correct instructions.

To update the widget:

> 1. In the Admin Console, go to **Customization** > **Custom Sign In** tab.

Reviewer: My OIE org has the following: **Customizations** > **Sign-in page code editor**

   In the **Okta Sign-In Widget Version** section, check that the **Major Version** is the highest version available and **Minor Version** is **latest**. The widget is always the latest version if you're not using a custom URL domain.

2. If you're using the [custom URL domain feature](/docs/guides/custom-url-domain/) and the version isn't correct, you can change the widget's version. Click **Edit** in the **Okta Sign-In Widget Version** section and then select the **Major Version** and **Minor Version** fields. Click **Save** at the bottom of the page.

3. Test your authentication sign-up and recovery flows that you support in your applications to make sure that they work.

> 4. Check that any CSS and localization changes that you make are reflected in the new version.

Reviewer: made? past-tense?

## Upgrade process for an embedded widget

Upgrade your embedded widget by referencing the Okta CDN in your sign-in page. Replace `${widgetVersion}` with the [latest version](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/releases/) of the widget:

```html
<script src="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-signin-widget/${widgetVersion}/js/okta-sign-in.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<link href="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-signin-widget/${widgetVersion}/css/okta-sign-in.min.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
```

See also [Using the Okta CDN](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget#using-the-okta-cdn). The latest version of the widget is -=OKTA_REPLACE_WITH_WIDGET_VERSION=-.

> In addition to version upgrade, you need to adjust your widget configuration for new or deprecated settings. See the [next](#changes-to-widget-configuration-for-identity-engine) section.

Reviewer 2: There's no need to link to the next section if it's two lines away.

IdP Discovery enables you to route users to different third-party IdPs that are connected to your Okta org. Users can federate back into the primary org after authenticating at the IdP. This feature still functions, but you no longer need to enable the link for users to initialize the route. Instead, you can configure a routing rule with the application context.

You can remove the `idpDiscovery` JavaScript object in the widget as follows.

![Displays the IDP Discovery object in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change2.png)

### OpenID Connect/social authentication

> When [external Identity Providers (IdPs)](/docs/guides/identity-providers/) are used for Social Login, the supported IdPs (such as Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, and so on) are declared with a `type` property. These supported IdPs get distinct styling and default i18n text, while other custom entries receive general styling and require you to provide text. Each IdP can have additional CSS classes added through an optional `className` property. This feature still functions, however, it's no longer the preferred method to enable the link for users to initialize the route. You can replace this method by configuring a routing rule with the application context.

Reviewer: I think you need a semi-colon after "functions" in the last sentence. Or break it up into two.

![Displays the IdPs object and className property in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change3.png)

See [Okta Sign-In Widget with an external Identity Provider](/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/openidconnect/main/#okta-sign-in-widget).

### Smart card IdP

You no longer need to configure the authentication settings for the [smart card IdP](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext-idp-smart-card-workflow), as it's no longer supported. You can remove the authentication settings for the smart card IdP (`piv`) as follows.

![Displays the smart card IdP settings in JavaScript to remove](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change4.png)

### Bootstrapping from a recovery token

If you're initializing the widget with a recovery token, the `recoveryToken` setting appears, for example:

![Displays the recovery token setting](/img/SIW_Upgrade_Config_Change5.png)

The recovery token is dynamic and is automatically passed into the initialization of the widget. A value in the `recoveryToken` setting currently doesn't have any effect on widget function, though, the setting takes effect in the future.

### Okta dashboard or custom dashboard sign-in flow

> For sign-in with the Okta dashboard, you no longer need to configure a redirect to the Okta Identity Cloud, create an Okta session, and then open a URL specified in the widget. You can remove the redirect configuration as follows.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion: "For an Okta dashboard sign in, you no longer ..."

> * **Okta-hosted widget:** The **Help title** link in the **Customized Help Links** section of the Customization page has been removed and isn't supported.

Reviewer: Line 168 on `features.showPasswordToggleOnSignInPage` I'd remove the last sentence about what we're adding in a future release.

* **Self-hosted widget:** The **Need help signing in** string has been removed and isn't supported.

> See [Okta Sign-in Widget: Help links](https://github.com/okta/okta-signin-widget/#help-links).

Reviewer: Links is capitalized in the xref you go to, but I recognize it's not our style.

Author: I'm leaving Links uncapitalized here.

### `processCreds` hook

> 

Reviewer: Sorry, I know I already looked at the Registration Inline Hooks section, but I'd remove "by" in the last sentence of line 197
